Added conda init command in Getting Set Up (#11293)
bokeh/bokeh: sphinx/source/docs/dev_guide/setup.rst

    conda env create environment.yml

Then, activate the environment:

.. code-block:: sh

    conda activate bkdev
    
.. note::
    

>     Before creating a conda environment, initialize Anaconda with this command
>     ``conda init`` only once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Before creating a conda environment for the first time, you may need to 
    initialize Anaconda with the ``conda init`` (only once).
```

Reviewer: @afzal442 Let me know what you think off this suggestion. I wanted to make it more clear that this was a "before the first env" not "before any env"

Author: Ah, I see. Let me commit your suggestion. Thanks.
